Mnemonic:  PHOTONS
Shortest abbreviation:  PHO
Full commands:  PHOTONS <NUMBER> <TARG1> <TARG2> <TARG3>

Photon torpedoes are projectile weapons--you either hit what you aim
at, or you don't.  There are no "partial hits".

One photon torpedo will usually kill one ordinary Klingon, but it
usually takes about two for a Klingon Commander.  Photon torpedoes
can also blow up stars and starbases, if you aren't careful.

You may fire photon torpedoes singly, or in bursts of two or three.
Each torpedo is individually targetable.  The computer will prompt
you, asking for the target sector for each torpedo.  Alternately, you
may specify each target in the command line.

Photon torpedoes cannot be aimed precisely--there is always some
randomness involved in the direction they go.  Photon torpedoes may
be fired with your shields up, but as they pass through the shields
they are randomly deflected from their intended course even more.

Photon torpedoes are proximity-fused.  The closer they explode to the
enemy, the more damage they do.  There is a hit "window" about one
sector wide.  If the torpedo misses the hit window, it does not
explode and the enemy is unaffected.  Photon torpedoes are only
effective within the quadrant.  They have no effect on things in
adjacent quadrants.

If more than one torpedo is fired and only one target sector is
specified, all torpedoes are fired at that sector.  For example, to
fire two torpedoes at sector 3 - 4, you type

   PHO 2 3 4           (or)           PHO 2 3 4 3 4

To fire torpedoes at, consecutively, sectors 2 - 6, 1 - 10, and 4 -
7, type

   PHO 3 2 6 1 10 4 7

There is no restriction to fire directly at a sector.  For example,
you can enter

     PHO 1 3 2.5

to aim between two sectors.  However, sector numbers must be 1 to 10
inclusive.
